[TOC]

# C
## clock
+ alarm clock.
+ clock in / on : We're supposed to clock in by 10 in the morning. What time did you clock in this morning? Clock out / off.
\* punch in / punch out

## close
+ close the door
+ It's really close. We are very close. He's a close friend.
+ close: What time do you close? \* Be closed: The store is closed. It's open 24/7.

## come
+ Come here = Come over = Come on.
\* C'mon.
+ see sth coming: I saw it coming. I didn't see that coming.
+ have sth coming: You had it coming.
+ come along:
	I'm going to the library in a bit. You wanna come along?
	Once your kid comes along, things will be different.
	Can you imagine what life was like before computers came along?
	Everything was fine before you came along.
	Be coming along: How's your English class coming along? How are you coming along?
	\* Your English is really coming along = You are really coming along on your English.
+ come around: Don't worry. She'll come around.
+ come after sb: You stole their plan. They will come after you.
+ come back: Padded shoulders are coming back. Those 50's style dresses are coming back in.
	\* make a comeback: Ripped jeans are making a comeback.
	\* stage a comback: He is staging a comeback in New York next month.
	\* I'm thinking of a good comeback. Nice comeback.
+ come between: Don't let this come between us.
+ come down: The price is coming down.
	\* come down to sth: It all comes down to money in the end. If it comes down to it, we will have to cancel the event.
	\* come down with sth: I'm coming down with a cold. I've been coughing all day.
+ come in: Come on in.  \* Come on!
+ come off + as: I often come off as a snob when you first meet me. I don't want to come off as a poser.
\* won't come off: I tried to wash it, but the stain won't come off.
+ come on to...: I get guys coming on to me all the time.
+ come out: come out of the closet. I came out about 10 years ago.
+ Come over.
+ come through: Pregnant woman coming through!
+ come up: Your name came up during the meeting.
\* be coming up: My birthday is coming up. Chinese New Year is coming up.
\*\*\* Coming right up!
\* upcoming: I'm excited about the upcoming holiday.
+ come up with sth: Come up with something! Who came up with this idea?

## cool
+ sth is cool: It's cool.
+ sb is cool: I'm cool. We're cool.
+ Cool it.
+ cool sth down / off: Don't take a sip yet. Let it cool down a little. Cool down the coffee.

## cop

## copy / copycat

## cozy
+ This couch is cozy.
+ cozy up to..: He's a snob. If he finds out you're wealthy, he will definitely cozy up to you.

## couch; couch potato

## cough
+ Cough sth up: Come on. Cough it up. I already coughed up 100 bucks.

## count
+ count sheep. Who's counting? Counting to 10.   \*on 3.
+ count down: I'm counting down the days.
\* countdown: Let the countdown begin.
+ count sb in: Count me in.  \* count sb out.
+ count on sth/sb: You can count on me. Can I count on you? You can count on it.
+ That doesn't count. Your words don't count.

## cover:
+ cover for sb: Can you cover for me while I pop out for a few minutes? John covered for me yesterday.
+ cover for sb: Can you cover for me and tell the boss I'm in the washroom?
+ cover sth up: use a painting to cover up the crack on the wall. I covered him up with a warm blanket.
+ cover sth up: We have to cover up our mistakes. The police think he's covering up for someone else.

## crack
+ crack sb up: Your face cracks me up. He knows how to crack me up. I cracked up a little.

## cram
+ cram into sth: You can't cram any more clothes into the suitcase. Hundreds of people crammed into the church.
+ cram for...: I need to cram for my finals tonight.

## crap

## crash

## cry
+ For crying out loud. Can't you just shut up for a minute for crying out loud? = for god's sake

## cuddle

## curse
+ Be cursed with...: My brother is cursed with small feet.

## cut
+ cut in line: Never cut in line.  \* No cuts, no buts, no coconuts.
+ cut: I cut my finger while cooking the other night.
+ cut sth out: Cut it out. Cut out this nonsense. \*Cut the crap.
+ cut back: + on: You smoke too much. You should cut back. I'm going to cut back on meat soon.
+ cut sth off: Water and electricity supplies have been cut off. Cut off your allowance.
+ cut sb off: Some idiot cut me off at the light. You need to cut yourself off from them. If you don't pay the electricity bill I'm going to cut you off. We got off.

# D
## date

## deal
+ deal with sth...: I'm in the middle of something. I can't deal with it right now.
+ deal with sb: I'll deal with you later. I mainly deal with kids.
+ make a big deal out of/about sth: Don't make a big deal out of this.
+ Big deal.

## decide

## die
+ be dying for....: I'm dying for a glass of water/cigarette

## dig
+ Dig in.

## dine / diner
+ Dine out: We're dining out this Friday night with my folks.

## dip
+ Dip sth in: Dip it in the vinegar.

## do
+ Will tomorrow do? Will 50 dollars do? Will orange juice do?
+ Can you do...: Can you do tomorrow? I can't do Tuesday.
+ \* be doing it: They're totally doing it.
+ do sth over: This is full of errors. You're gonna have to do it over.
+ be doing: How are you doing? He's doing pretty good in Shanghai.
+ undo
+ Can you do American accent? I can do his moves.
+ do sth with yourself: I don't know what to do with myself when you're gone. What are you doing with yourself tonight?
+ could do sth/sb
	Do you have time to talk? I could do with some advice.
	I could do with a friend or two to help me out.
+ \* could use

## doze off

## drag
+ Can I have a drag?
+ You're a drag. Oh drag.
+ drag sb into: Don't drag me into this.

## dream
+ In your dreams.
+ Dream on.

## dress
+ dress up: NO matter what happens, just get up, dress up and show up.
+ dress sb up: I hate it when my mom dresses me up.
+ dress up as: I'm going to dress up as a zomble this year.
+ be dressed up: Why are you all dressed up? He's all dressed up.

## drift
+ Drift apart: John used to be my best friend in high school, but we've drifted apart over the past few years.

## drill

## drink
+ drink to sb/sth: I'll drink to that. Let's drink to john and Mary and wish them happiness in the future.
+ drink up sth: I'd better drink up. Drink up your coffee.

## drive
+ drive sb crazy: You're driving me crazy.
+ drive-through.

## drop
+ drop sb off: Drop me off here. Can you drop me off at my mom's?
+ drop out: You can't drop out now. I dropped out of college in my junior year.
+ drop in/by: I'll drop by later tonight. Your father dropped by this afternoon.

## drown
+ Drown one's sorrows: I don't like to drown my sorrows.

## drum drumstick

## dry
+ Dry-clean / dry-cleaner's.  laundromat   launderette

## duck
