[TOC]

# B
## bring
+ bring sth up:	I'd like to bring up a few points. I won't bring it up again. You had to bring that up, huh?

## bucket
+ kick the bucket: He kicked the bucket. I don't want to kick the bucket just yet.
+ bucket down; British informal: Look at those dark clouds. It's going to bucket down soon. It's bucketing down outside.

## buckle
+ buckle up: You'd better buckle up. It's going to be a bumpy ride.

## buddy
+ I love you, bud.
+ buddy up to ... : I saw you buddy up to the boys yesterday.

## bug
+ ladybug / ladybird
+ Bugg off.  * Bugger. Bugger off.

## buck
+ 20 bucks
+ Buck up = Cheer up.

## bulk
+ buy sth in bulk
+ bulk up: You need to bulk up if you want to be a boxer. Bulk up your muscles.

## bum
+ bum around: You're in your 30s now. You have to stop bumming around.
+ bum sth off sb: Can I bum a cigarette (off you)? He likes to bum money off people.
+ bum sb out: The result really bummed me out.  
\*be bummed out: I'm bummed out by your choice. You look bummed. 
\*Bummer!

## bump
+ a bump on one's head: I have a bump on my head.
+ goose bumps: I got goose bumps.
+ bumpy: a bumpy road / a bumpy flight.
+ bump: I hate it when people bump me.
+ fist bump / chest bump.
+ bump into: The car bumped into the tree.
+ bump into sb: I bumped into your mom this afternoon. She bumped into John the other day.
+ bump sb up: My boss bumped me up to supervisor. They bumped me up to first class.
+ bumper; bumper car; bumper sticker; bumper-to-bumper traffic.

## bundle up
+ Remember to bundle up. It's getting cold / chilly.

## burn
+ Let's burn this. Burn sb alive.
+ I burned my left hand while cooking the other night.
+ You just got burned!!!
+ burn sth down: Burn this house down.

## bust
+ be busted: My phone is busted. The AC is busted.
+ be busted: He's busted. = He got busted. Busted!
+ bust one's butt / ass off to do : I've been busting my off to learn English / to bring home the bacon.

## butt
+ Nice butt. Kiss one's butt / kick one's butt
+ Butt out! Why don't you just butt out?

## butter
+ butter sb up: Stop buttering me up. All those compliments, I know you're trying to butter me up.

## button
+ Hit the button. Press the button. Hit the 'like' button.
+ Button up your jacket. Button down.
+ Button it! Button your lips!

## buy 
+ buy sth: I want to buy a new car. Buy sth for sb / buy sb sth: I bought him a Ferrari = I bought a Ferrari for him.
\* I got him a Ferrari.
+ buy sth: I don't buy it. Don't buy anything he says.
+ buy sb off: We can buy him off. Are you try to buy me off with this money?
+ be bought: She can't be bought.

## buzz:
+ Buzz sb in: Buzz me in.
+ Buzz off. (British)
+ Be buzzed: I'm buzzed.

# C
## call
+ call someone = give sb a call: Just call me = Just gimme a call. Make a phone call.
+ call sb sth: Just call me Bingo. Call me Doctor Smith VS Call me a doctor.
+ call sb up: Remember to call me up.
+ call around: I'll call around and see if anyone's free tommorrow night.
+ call back: He's in the middle of a meeting. Can you call back? I'll ask him to call you back.
+ call for sth: I think this call for a toast. This calls for a celebration.
\* be called for: This is totally called for. Be uncalled for: That's uncalled for = That's unnecessary.
+ call in... : I'd better call in and tell them I'm going to be late.
\* call in sick: I'll just call in sick. John called in sick this morning.
+ call off: They just called off their wedding. I'm going to call it off.
+ call it a day / call it a night: I'm gonna call it a night. Let's just call it a day, guys.
+ call it: I'm gonna call it. We called it early. He's dead. The doc has called it.

## calm
+ Stay calm. The village is so calm. Why are you so calm?
+ Calm down. Calm him down.

## camp
+ go camping
+ camp out: I love camping out in the garden.

## cancel
+ We're going to cancel the meeting. My flight got canceled.

## capital:
+ The capital of Canada is Ottawa.
+ a starting capital of 10, 000 US dollars.
+ a capital B. A lower-case b.
+ capital sentence.
+ capitalism / capitalist / capitalize.

## care
+ I don't care. Who cares? I counldn't care less.
+ care for sb: You know I care for you, my love. You must care for your grandparents.
+ not care for sb: I don't care for her.
+ care for sth: always in questions: Would you care for a drink? Care for a glass of wine? Care for a dinner tonight?
+ care about: I don't care about you. Don't care about what people say.
+ take care. Take care of...: I'll take care of your dog / father / You take care of this / him.

## carry
+ It's too heavy. I can't carry this. He carried a baby in his arms.
+ not carry: We don't carry mango juice here.
+ Carry on.
+ Be carried-away: I got a little carried-aways when she told me the good news.

## cash / cash in / cash out
+ Catch it. Play 'catch'. Catch me if I fall.
+ catch one's attention / eye; I don't know how to catch his attention. Eye-catching.
+ a catch: She a catch.
+ catch sth: Sorry I didn't catch it / I didn't catch what you just said.
+ catch up: Slow down. I can't catch up. I'm on my third bottle. You need to catch.
\* We need to catch up = We need to do some catching up. We had a nice time catching up with each other.
+ catch up with ...: You got a long way to go if you want to catch up with me.
+ catch up on ...: I need to catch up on my homework. You have a lot to catch up on.

## cater
+ cater for: I'm going to cater for your wedding.
+ caterer

## cave
+ caveman
+ cave in: You never cave in to your husband.

## chance
+ This is your last chance.
+ Chance:
	There's a good chance that... it will rain tommorrow / he will propose tonight.
	Chances are good that...
	Is there any chance... : Is there any chance you can lend me your car?
	Not a chance.
	Be any chance: Do you have a power bank = You don't by any chance have a power bank, do you? Are you Bingo's girlfriend = You are not by any chance Bingo's girlfriend, are you?
	What are the chances? = What are the odds?
	Take one's chances: I'll take me chances.
	
## change
+ You've changed. You haven't change a bit.
+ change sth: change your coat; change your mind. Change of plan.
+ Keep the change. Do you have any change? Small change.
+ I need to change first. Go get changed. Why haven't you changed? Why are you not changed?
+ change around: change the furniture around.
+ change into: He has changed into someone else. It changed into a butterfly.
+ change some money / exchange some money.

## charge
+ charge my phone. Charger. Power bank. Portable charger. Recharge: recharge my phone / the battery. Recharge one's batteries.
+ charge sb money: How much will you charge me? I only charged him 20 grand.
+ charge: free of charge: It's free of charge. Cover charge = cover.

## chat
+ chat: I'm chatting with your father. Video-chat: I want to video-chat with you.
\* I had a nice chat with you.
+ chit-chat: We are just chit-chatting.
\* shoot the breeze. Chatty.

## cheat
+ cheat: You cheated. Do not cheat. I cheated in my math exam.
+ cheat on someone: If your husband cheats on you, you leave him. Cheat on ... with: I think your BF is cheating on you with Sarah.
+ cheat death.

## check
+ check: pay the check. Can I get the check please?
+ check: Do you want to check your coat? Do you have anything to check?
+ check: check the second floor. Toothbrush. Check. Shampoo. Check.
\* Double check.
+ Check VS cross   Br:tick
+ Check!
+ check in / check into:
	After you check in, you take a shower first.
	I haven't checked into my hotel yet.
	Check-in: Check-in is by 10 p.m.
+ airport: Have you checked in yet? I'm here to check in. Check-in desk.
+ check out: After you check out, you hail a taxi and I'll meet you at the airport. What time should I check out?
	Check-out: Check-out is by 1 p.m. Can I have a late check-out? Fast check-out./ Fast track.
+ check sth out: Yo yo yo. Check it out. Check out my new car. I went home to check out my mom's new bed.
+ check sb out: I saw you checking him out. A guy was checking you out earlier.
+ check up on sb: Are you checking up on me? I did some checking-up on you.
\* check-up: I need to have a check-up. When was the last time you had a check-up?
+ check on ...: I need to check on my dog. My mom checks on me every night.

## cheer
+ Cheers.
+ cheerlead & cheerleader.
+ Cheer up. Cheer sb up: how can I cheer you up? My husband bought me some flowers to cheer me up.

## chicken
+ Don't be a chicken.
+ chicken out: Don't chicken out. I chickened out when I saw him.

## clean
+ sth: The table is clean.
+ sb: He' clean.
+ clean up after sb... = clean up one's mess: I'm fed up with cleaning up after you. I'm always the one to clean up your mess.

## clear
+ sth: It's clear.
+ Am I clear? Are we clear? Have I made myself clear? Make oneself clear.
+ clear up: I hope the weather clears up before we leave.