# A

[TOC]

## abide by
+ Fire those who don't abide by the new rules.
+ Abide by the law.

## accede to 
+ My parents finally acceded to my demand.
+ Accede to the throne.

## account for
+ sth: Can you account for your absence yesterday?
+ sth: Students account for 50% of our customers.
+ sb: I can't account for the missing students.

## ace out (American infomal)
+ We were aced out by some kids.

## ache for
+ sth: I'm aching for some sleep.
+ sb: After only two weeks apart, I'm already aching for her.

## ace out
+ Can you ace it out?

## act up
+ My left knee is acting up. My Indian accent is acting up.
+ If you start acting up, I will send you home.

## add up
+ add sth up: add these numbers up.
+ add up **(Informal)**: It doesn't add up. It all adds up now.

## adhere to
+ Adhere to the rule / a promise.

## adjourn to (humorous)
+ Shall we adjourn to my place for some coffee?

## agree with
+ agree with sb **(slightly old-fashioned)**.
	+ Motherhood really agrees with me.
	+ The sea air agrees with me.
+ not agree with sb **(always negative)**
	+ I don't eat onions. They don't agree with me.
+ I agree with you.

## aim at
+ We are aiming at a 50% increase.
+ This is aimed at killing the mosquitoes here.

## announce aginst (American) 
+ I have announced against Donald Trump.

## announce for (American)
+ sb: I can't believe you announced for Donald Trump.
+ sth: I'm going to announce for the presidency.

## answer back
+ Don't you dare answer me back. (talk back)

## answer for 
+ You should answer for your son's behavior.
+ Everything was perfect until you came long.
+ You have a lot to answer for.

## answer for sb / sth
+ I can answer for Bingo because I've been following him for 3 years.
+ I can't  answer for Bingo's professionalism.

## answer to (Slightly formal)
+ I don't answer to you. I answer to John.

## ante up (American)
+ They told everyone to ante up 100 dollars.

## arse about / around (British & Australian)
+ I wish you could stop arsing around and help me clean up the room.

## ask around
+ I'll ask around at work.

## ask for
+ Ask for money. Ask you dad for allowance.
+ Ask sb for a favor: Can I ask you a favor?
+ couldn't ask for ... better...: I couldn't ask for a better boss.

## ask for
+ A young lady was asking for you.

## be asking for 
+ Drinking and driving is asking for trouble.
+ You asked for it.


# B

## back away
+ Back away. He has a gun.
+ Back away from: The government has backed away from plans to increase taxes.

## back down
+ Nothing will make him back down.

## back off
+ He has a gun. You should back off.
+ It's none of your business. Just back off.
+ I'll just back off and let her handle this.
+ Mainly American: The president wants to back off from his "no new taxes" promise.

## back out
+ If you are afraid, you can just back out.
+ You signed a contract. You can't back out now.

## back up
+ drive: Back up a little.
+ computer: I back up all my files onto my flash disk. Always make a back-up of your files.
+ Come on. Back me up here. Will you back me up if I say I was at home last night?
+ I will always back you up.
+ music: Can you back me up on piano?
+ be backed up: His theory has been backed up.
+ = back off
+ We need backup.

## bag up
+ We bagged up the vegetables to put in the freezer.

## bail out
+ My mom won't bail me out.
+ You need to pay 25 grand to bail him out.
+ My advice is to bail out now before it's too late.
+ True friends never bail out on you when you're in trouble.

## bail / bail on someone
+ He bailed. They bailed on me. He bailed on us.

## band together
+ They are banding together to finish the work.

## barge in / into
+ You can't just barge into the room like that.
+ Never barge into someone's bedroom without knocking.
+ Sorry to bargin in, but are you from the States?
+ Bargin in on someone: You can't bargin on them.

## bear with someone
+ If you'll just bear with me for a moment, I'll find you a copy.

## beat
+ Beat up: A tall guy beat me up. I got beaten up by 4 strangers.
+ beat oneself up: Stop beating yourself up. Don't beat yourself up like that.
+ beat up on..: Stop beating up on yourself.
+ beat sth out of sb: Don't worry. The police will beat the truth out of him.
+ beat the heck/hell/crap/shit out of ... : They will beat the heck out of me.
+ be beat: I'm beat.

## beef
+ What's your beef with me ? I have no beef with you.
+ beef up: beef up your image with a new hairstyle.
+ beef about: Stop beefing about your new boss.

## believe
+ believe sth/sb: I believe you. I don't believe this.
+ believe in sth: Do you believe in God? I believe in Karma. They don't believe in living together.
+ believe in sb: I believe in you. Always believe in your teacher.

## belly
+ beer belly/belly button/belly dance: I got a beer belly.
+ belly up to...: He bailed up to the bar for a drink.
+ Belly up to the table.

## belong to
+ belong to sb: This car belongs to me. You belong to me. All the credit belongs to you. (You take all the credit)
+ belong to sth: I belong to this group.
+ You don't belong here. / You belong with me. / belongings.

## bend
+ It's bent. /be bent out of shape: He is bent out of shape.
+ bend down: I can't bend down to tie my shoelaces. Yao Ming has to bend won as he goes through the door.
+ bend over: Don't bend over the fire.
+ bend over backwards: I would bend over backwards to help you.

## bet
+ You wanna bet? I bet he likes you. = I'm sure he likes you.
+ place your bet. I lost the bet.
+ You bet. You bet your ass...: You bet your ass I am./I can/I do.
+ bet on ...: Don't bet on it. Bet on that one.

## bill
+ Bill please. Can we get the bill? Pay the bills. I got bills to pay. Water bill/electricity bill/gas bill.
+ bill sb/sth as ...: They billed her as the most beautiful woman on earth.

## bite
+ It will bite you. It bit me. A mosquito bit me.
+ grab a bite to eat: I'm famished. Let's go grab a bite to eat = go grab something to eat.
+ Bite me!
+ one's bark is worse than their bite: Her bark is worse than her bite. So don't be scared.

## black out
+ I blacked out. I don't know what happened.
+ The entire city is blacked out.

## blank out
+ Hello? It looks like you just blanked out. /your mind went blank.

## blast
+ have a blast: We are gonna have a blast in London. I had a blast talking with you.
+ have a ball. /have a great time / have a lot of fun.

## blow 
+ When the wind blows in your face.
+ This party really blows
+ taboo: BJ = blow job. Blow me ! = Eff me!
+ blow money: I blew all my 25 grand.
+ blow away: It will blow away. Put a phone on it or something.
+ blow sb away: You blew me away. This movie will blow you away. = blow your mind.
	+ Mind-blowing: This movie is mind-loving.
+ blow out: Blow out the candles.
+ blow sb / sth off: He said he would come, but he blew me off. You blew off the interview. what were you thinking?
+ ruin: Don't blow this. I blew the interview.

## Bog off (British & Australian)

## bone up on. (Informal)
+ I am boning up on my English. You need to bone up on your driving skills.

## book
+ book a table / book a room.
+ book into... / British & Australian: I need to book into the hotel first. = check in / into
+ be booked up: Sorry, we're booked up/we're fully booked/I can't. I'm booked up this weekend.

## boomerang on...
+ I made a bad joke on. It boomeranged on me because now she is mad at me.

## boss
+ You're the boss.
+ boss around: Stop bossing me around. I can tell your wife likes to boss you around.

## bottle up
+ A lot of men bottle up their feelings. Come on. Don't bottle things up. Just tell me.

## bounce off
+ I'd like to bounce some ideas off you.

## break
+ Don't break my vase. I broke many bones.
+ take a break. Let's take a 5-minute break = Let's take 5. take a lunch break. Take a commercial break. Spring break. Winter break.
+ give sb a break: Give me a break
+ break sth to sb: You break this news to him. I hate to break this to you, but ..
+ Break a leg. VS Good luck. VS Go get'em!

## break down:
+ My car broke down. The washing machine broke down.
+ Talks between the two countries broke down. One in three marriages in Britain breaks down and ends in divorce.
+ You can't tell her. She will break down.
+ Two days after his wife died, he broke down and needed medical help.
+ breakdown: You're going to have a break down if you keep working like this. Have a nervous breakdown.
+ Break it down! Australian.
+ = take it easy / Calm down.

## break for
+ Break for it! = Make a break for it. The police are coming.

## break in
+ We can break in through the kitchen window.
+ Use a password so no one can break in.
+ I'm going to break in these new boots. I'm breaking in my new pants tomorrow.
+ break in on sb: I'm sorry to break in on you, but there's a lady asking for you outside.
+ mean / wicked / sick
+ ok VS It's OK VS I'm OK.

## break into
+ Someone broke into y car. Let's break into their house.

## break off
+ She break off their engagement after discovering that he was having an affair.
+ Break off with: I broke off with her last night.
+ I broke it off with her last night.

## break out
+ They tried to break out of the prison by digging a tunnel. Prison Break. Break jail / prison.

## break through
Part of my job as a teacher is to break through the laziness that stops the students from learning.
Breakthrough: We have made a major breakthrough.
Break through(the clouds): The sun is starting to break through.

## break up
+ My marriage broke up.
+ We need to break up.
+ She broke up with me. Who broke up with whom?
+ Breakup: I'm not over the breakup yet. The whole breakup thing is killing me.

## breathe in/out; breath
+ be out of breath: I'm out of breath
+ can't catch one's breath: I can't catch my breath.
+ I need to catch my breath.
+ Save one's breath: Save your breath.
+ have bad breath: You have bad breath.
+ Hold your breath.

## breeze
+ I love the breeze. Breezy: It's breezy / easy-breezy
+ Breeze through: I'll  breeze through the English exam.
+ Breeze into... : He breezes in every morning, always happy and smiling.

## bring
+ Can I bring a friend? Bring a date. Bring a plus one. Bring company: You brought company. Bring ... with...: Bring your laptop with you.
+ What brings you here? What brings you by?
+ bring about: We want to bring about some changes in this company.
+ bring along: Bring your mom along.
+ bring back: This phone brings it all back. Talking with you brought back lots of good memories.
+ bring sb back to life: I'll bring her back to life.
+ bring in: It's time I brought some money in, given I'm already 20 years old.
+ Bring it in. = Get in here.
+ bring sth on : Stress can bring on headaches. Bring it on.
+ bring sth on sb: You brought this on yourself.
+ bring sb up: I'm going to bring my son up in America.
+ be brought up: I was brought up in China. He was brought up by his foster parents. * raise. I raise you better than that.















