[TOC]

# What is slang
+ Slang is informal, less serious and non-standard English
+ Slang often comes from a group of people who are familiar with the terms and use them with each other
+ Slang is often used for uncomfortable topic (sex and bodily functions) or criticisms/insults, to say these things in a more playful or less direct way 
+ It is very important to understand slang, because you may hear it often in informal conversations, movies and TV shows.
+ However, it is also important to understand that slang should **NEVER** be used in professional situations, academic situations and when talking with someone in a more formal social situation.

# General Words
+ **Dude** and **guy** are general words for a man.
+ **Gal** and **chick** are general words for a woman.
+ I asked a *guy* on the street if I could borrow his phone to make a call.
+ That *dude* in the red shirt is totally drunk.
+ Who's the tall blond *chick* over there?
+ My sister's more of a city *gal*, as for me, I prefer the countryside.
+ Dude and gal are probably a bit more common; dude and chick are often used more by men, not always though. 

# For family
+ **bro** and **sis** for brother and sister, although they can be used for very close friends.
+ **pops** and **old man** for father.
+ **gramps** and **gran / granny** for grandfather and grandmother.
+ **my folks** for 'my relatives' or 'my parents'.
+ **the whole tribe / clan** for your entire family, ususally extended family.
+ Happy birthday to my big **sis**!
+ My **gramps** is 80 years old now.
+ Sorry I can't hang out this weekend. **My folks** are in town.
+ Every August, **the whole clan** gets together for an end-of-summer barbeque.
+ Slang words for 'friend' include **buddy**, **pal** and **chum**, and the group of your friends can be called the crew.
+ You can also use the word **peeps** (short for people), which can mean people in general or your group of friends. (my peeps)
+ Peter is one of my old **pals** from college.
+ I went to the amusement park with **the crew**.
+ I'm gonna invite all my **peeps** to my birthday party.
+ If two people are **buddy-buddy**, it means they are good friends or have a close relationship. This word can also be used for trying or appearing to have a close relationship
+ My brother's wife is an actress. She's not so famous herself but apparently she's **buddy-buddy** with some of the top directors in Hollywood.
+ I don't  understand how someone can be all **buddy-buddy** with their exes.
+ The slang words **homeboy**, **homegirl** and **homie** are also used for friends -- these are more African -- American or hip-hop style. They are usually used with 'my'.
+ My **homeboy** won the first place in the competition.
+ I went to the mall with my **homegirl**.
+ Young **homie**.
+ The words **bud / buddy** or **dude** can also be used for addressing a person (a man) who you don't know in a slightly hostile way, like when a fight is about to start:
	+ What's your problem, **dude**?
	+ Hey **bud**, stop staring at my girlfriend.
+ Some older, more 'refined' slang words for 'man' include **chap**, **fellow** and **gent** (short for gentleman).
+ My sister's boyfriend is a friendly **chap**. Everyone likes him.
+ He's a handsome **fellow** with blue eyes and dark brown hair. 

